<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [hive-lib](./hive-lib.md) &gt; [eachSlideDirection](./hive-lib.eachslidedirection.md)

## eachSlideDirection() function

> This API is provided as a beta preview for developers and may change based on feedback that we receive. Do not use this API in a production environment.
> 

Call iteratee for every neighboring coordinate into which a tile could slide.

**Signature:**

```typescript
export declare function eachSlideDirection(board: GameBoard, coordinate: HexCoordinate, iteratee: NeighborFn): boolean;
```

## Parameters

<table><thead><tr><th>

Parameter


</th><th>

Type


</th><th>

Description


</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

board


</td><td>

[GameBoard](./hive-lib.gameboard.md)


</td><td>

A game board.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

coordinate


</td><td>

[HexCoordinate](./hive-lib.hexcoordinate.md)


</td><td>

The coordinate whose neighbors will be iterated over.


</td></tr>
<tr><td>

iteratee


</td><td>

[NeighborFn](./hive-lib.neighborfn.md)


</td><td>

The function invoked per iteration.


</td></tr>
</tbody></table>
**Returns:**

boolean

false if iteration ended early, true otherwise. If there is no stack at the given coordinate, true is returned.

## Remarks

The following conditions must be met for a tile to be able to slide into a neighboring coordinate (and are checked by this iterator): - The height of the source coordinate stack must be exactly one greater than the height of the destination coordinate stack. - There must not be a gate between the source and destination coordinates. - The source and destination coordinates must share an occupied neighbor, OR; - The source and destination coordinates must both have stack heights greater than one.

Iteratee functions may exit iteration early by explicitly returning false.

